doc: tweak `admin` user creation doc (#531)
kernelci/kernelci-api: doc/api-details.md

{'id': '615f30020eb7c3c6616e5ac3', 'email': 'test@kernelci.org', 'is_active':true, 'is_superuser':false, 'is_verified':false, 'username': 'test', 'groups': []}
```

To create an admin user, provide username, email, password, and `"is_superuser": 1` to request data dictionary.

> An user accout can be added to multiple user groups by providing a list of user group names to request dictionary.

Reviewer: nit:

```suggestion
A user account can be added to multiple user groups by providing a list of user group names to request dictionary.
```

Author: Opps, fixed it.

For example, the below command will create an admin user and add it to `kernelci` user group.

```
$ curl -X 'POST' 'http://localhost:8001/latest/user/register' -H 'accept: application/json'   -H 'Content-Type: application/json'  -H 'Authorization: Bearer eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCJ9.eyJzdWIiOiJ0ZXN0Iiwic2NvcGVzIjpbImFkbWluIiwidXNlciJdfQ.KhcIWfMRr3xTFSCLcr5L4KTUVSsfSsLeyRDEjgkQRBg' -d '{"username": "test_admin", "email": "test-admin@kernelci.org", "password": "admin", "is_superuser": 1,

> "groups": ["kernelci"]}'

Reviewer: nit: Is there a specific reason to break line in this request data dictionary?

Author: No, it wasn't intended. I fixed it.
